Hello, my name is Michael Hoffman,
and in this module I'll walk you through the most
common path for setting up JHipster.
Let's start with some prerequisites for the installation.
If you plan to try the examples in this course,
it's recommended that you first install the following features.
I don't plan to demonstrate each feature installation,
however I'll mention the features website for your support.
JHipster leverages the Java language version 1.
8.
You can download it from java.
oracle.
com.
JHipster generates projects using the Maven or Gradle build tools,
however this course will leverage Gradle exclusively.
Gradle provides several benefits over Maven's XML-based configuration,
and it's become a de facto standard that I'm working with.
You can download it from gradle.
org.
This course will leverage version 4 of the tool.
It will be leveraged during JHipster project creation in this course,
as well as in the discussion around build and deployment.
You can download the latest version, which is version 2, from git sem.
com.
An IDE Is recommended for viewing the generated project.
The course will leverage the Eclipse IDE version Oxygen.
You can download Eclipse from the website, Eclipse.
org.
Next, two package managers are required.
Why?
Because Yarn makes improvements to the MPM package manager,
and is highly recommended for faster generation of JHipster scaffolding.
You will first need to install NPM, which comes as part of Node.
js installation.
Node.
js can be installed from the website, nodejs.
org.
Please make sure to choose the LTS version.
If you've already installed NPM,
it's recommended that you update to the latest version.
Finally,
Yarn will be the primary package manager for the projects that you generate.
After installing NPM, you can install Yarn from the website yarnpkg.
com.
Select the latest version, which at the time of the writing of this course was 0.
27.
Once these prerequisites are installed, you can continue with the next topic, which covers the installation of the JHipster generator.